Fix/swift objc aditional sections (#40)
infinum/ios-handbook: Tips 'n tricks/Swift-Objective C interoperability and best practices.md

![1](/img/iOS-objc-swift-interoperability.png)

### Swift enums and Objective-C

#### Header Files - `.h`

>IMPORTANT: Swift enums can't be used in Objective-C header files.

But if your project must have Swift enums in header files, there are two possible solutions:

 1. Write Swift enum in Objective-C and use newly written enum in Swift files. By doing this, you will have codebase that is easy to maintain.

 2. Have enum written both in Objective-C and Swift.

>  Although having duplicated code is inherently a bad thing, and it will be more challenging to maintain the codebase, using this solution your code will become more flexible and here are the perks that come with it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Although having duplicated code is inherently a bad thing, and it will be more challenging to maintain, using this solution your code will become more flexible and here are the perks that come with it:
```

>    * You will avoid 'dirtying up' your Swift codebase with Objective-C enums. And by doing this,  somewhere in the future when your project won't use Objective-C anymore, you won't have to go through Swift files and refactor them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * You will avoid 'dirtying up' your Swift codebase with Objective-C enums. And by doing this, somewhere in the future when your project won't use Objective-C anymore, you won't have to go through Swift files and refactor them.
```
Just removing extra space 😄

>    * If your project is a library which is used in other projects and has support for both Objective-C and Swift, you won't force Swift developers to have support for Objective-C (bridging headers), and their project can remain pure Swift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If you want to share your code with others, you won't force Swift developers to have support for Objective-C (bridging headers), and their project can remain pure Swift.
```

Every dependency manager will handle this automatically (i.e. you can use lib written in Obj-C in Swift project). But if you want to inject your ObjC file(s) into the Swift project, then you'll need to add bridging header.

Furthermore, here is an example of how to, in some measure, prevent discrepancies between Objective-C and Swift enums if you are using the second solution:

```swift
enum EnumExample {
  case numberOne
  case numberTwo

  init?(enumExampleNumbers: EnumExampleNumbers) {
    switch enumExampleNumbers {
    case .one: self = .numberOne
    case .two: self = .numberTwo
    }
  }
}
```

```objc
typedef NS_CLOSED_ENUM(NSInteger, EnumExampleNumbers) {
    EnumExampleNumbersOne,
    EnumExampleNumbersTwo
};
```

#### Implementation files - `.m`

* If you want to use Swift enums in Objective-C implementation files, they have to have Int as a raw type.

## Using Objective-C code in Swift

### Make Objective-C visible to Swift

> To use Objective-C code in Swift, it is only necessary to import Objective-C header file in `bridging header` file to expose it to Swift.

Reviewer 2: Can you please add something like:
If you are working on the framework, you will need to import ObjC in umbrella header since bridging headers are not available for frameworks.
